fix: assert supported properties in @page rule (#28697)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@page/index.md

@page wide {
  size: a4 landscape;
}

@page {
  /* margin box at top right showing page number */
  @top-right {
    content: "Page " counter(pageNumber);
  }
}
```

> ### Page properties

Reviewer: original needs to stay (page orientation and size are descriptors, not properties)

Author: Inside `@page` rule they are properties. Refer [7.1. Page size: the size property](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-page/#page-size-prop). To keep it simple I used term 'properties' because all the things inside declaration block `{}` are properties.

Reviewer: The spec needs to have a PR!!!! They list them under descriptors, use the term property to define them, and use descriptors in the explanations. Ugh. Hard to document when the source is unclear.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page/size and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page/page-orientation are defined as descriptors. We probably need to update those (not needed for this PR. Let's clarify with the spec authors i guess for that)

We definitely have to use descriptors to label descriptors, but these "propiptors" behave like properties, not descriptors, so, i stand corrected.

Do note, not all things in declaration blocks {} are properties. In @keyframes they are keyframe selectors. In @font-face they are descriptors. There's also selectors in many @-rule {} blocks, and now were have `&` nesting too

The **`@page`** at-rule can contain only **page properties** and **margin at-rules**. Following properties have been implemented by at least one browser:

- [`margin`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin)

>   - : Specifies the page margins. Individual margin properties `margin-top`, `margin-right`, `margin-bottom`, and `margin-left` can also be used.

Reviewer: can logical margin properties be used?

every first occurrence of a CSS property on a page should be a link to that property page.

Author: `margin-top`, `margin-right`, `margin-bottom`, and `margin-left` do work. Adding link to these pages in next commit.

|                       | min-width             |
|                       | max-width             |

</details>

## Description

The @page rule defines properties of the page box. The `@page` at-rule can be accessed via the CSS object model interface {{domxref("CSSPageRule")}}.

> **Note:** The W3C is discussing how to handle viewport-related {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} units, `vh`, `vw`, `vmin`, and `vmax`. Meanwhile do not use them within a `@page` at-rule.

### Related properties

The `@page` at-rule, allows the user to assign a name to the rule, which is then called in a declaration using the `page` property.

- {{Cssxref("page")}}
  - : Allows a selector to use a user defined **named page**

## Formal syntax

{{csssyntax}}

Where the `<page-body>` includes:

- page-properties
- page-margin properties

and `<pseudo-selector>` represents these pseudo-classes:

- {{Cssxref(":blank")}}
- {{Cssxref(":first")}}
- {{Cssxref(":left")}}
- {{Cssxref(":right")}}

## Margin at-rules

> > **Warning:** The margin at-rules have not been implemented by any user agent yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** The margin at-rules have not been implemented by any user agent <small>(updated: August 2023)</small>.
```

should we include a dates like this?

> > **Warning:** The margin at-rules have not been implemented by any user agent <small>(updated: August 2023)</small>.

Author: done

> The margin at-rules are used inside of the `@page` at-rule. They each target a different section of the document printed page and make changes based on the properties or content set in the block of code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The margin at-rules are used inside of the `@page` at-rule. They each target a different section of the document printed page, styling the area of the printed page based on the property values set in the style block:
```

```css
@page {
  @top-left {

>     /* page-margin-properties */

Reviewer: For the list of all, the intro line has a typo (margin-at rules),the intro reads "other" but includes the above `top-left`,  and the content is difficult to read. I suggest the following edit:
```md
The margin at-rules include:

  ```css
  @top-left-corner 
  @top-left 
  @top-center 
  @top-right 
  @top-right-corner 
  @bottom-left-corner 
  @bottom-left 
  @bottom-center 
  @bottom-right 
  @bottom-right-corner 
  @left-top 
  @left-middle 
  @left-bottom 
  @right-top 
  @right-middle 
  @right-bottom
       ```

```

Author: done

}
```

#### Page-margin properties

The page-margin properties are the set of CSS properties can be set in any individual margin at-rule. They include:

<details>
<summary>Page-margin properties</summary>

| Feature               | CSS properties        |
| --------------------- | --------------------- |

> | bidi properties       | direction             |

Reviewer: do we want to create a link out of each of these? i.e.
```suggestion
| bidi properties       | {{cssxref("direction")}}            |
```

- The `@page` [`size`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page/size) descriptor
- The {{Cssxref("page")}} property
- See the [\[META\] CSS Paged Media Module Level 3](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=286443) ticket in Bugzilla for tracking progress on the subject (page-based counters, etc.)

> - [Paged.js](https://pagedjs.org/documentation/1-the-big-picture/#what-is-paged.js): a JavaScript library/polyfill that implements W3C paged media specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CSS paged media](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_paged_media) module
- [Paged.js: W3C paged media polyfill](https://pagedjs.org/documentation/1-the-big-picture)
```
removed the anchor because the link, to work, has to be https://pagedjs.org/documentation/1-the-big-picture/#what-is-paged.js%3F, which i assume they'll fix at some point.
